Session Management (#323)
gobeyondidentity/developer-docs: docs/includes/_access_token_create_public_client_pkce.mdx

> In this flow, you call the app's '/authorize' endpoint, initiating a browser based flow where the user provides their credentials in exchange for a code. In a second API call to the '/token' endpoint, you then exchange the code for an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this flow, you call the app's `/authorize` endpoint, initiating a browser based flow where the user provides their credentials in exchange for a code. In a second API call to the `/token` endpoint, you then exchange the code for an access token.
```

Note that you will need an identity configured with the [ability to authorize the scopes](/docs/next/api-scopes#scopes-authorized-for-the-identity-approving-the-authorization-request) your app is requesting.

1. Create an [app](/docs/next/add-an-application) with the following properties:

  | Parameter | Value |
  | --- | --- |
  | Protocol | OIDC |
  | Client Type | Public |
  | PKCE | S256 |
  | Token Endpoint Auth Method | None |
  | Grant Type | Authorization Code |
  | Configuration Type (on Authenticator Config tab) | Hosted Web |

>   Fill in a **Display Name** and at least one **Redirect URI**, then click **Submit** to save the app.

Reviewer: Can we follow what we do in the Next.js guide where we list Display Name in the parameters and add description and why's to these tables?

> 2. Create your '/authorize' request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create your `/authorize` request
```

>   Create the HTTP request with the following properties:

Reviewer: Would also point out where to copy this in the console and maybe an image

  **Request method:** GET

  **Request url:**

  ```http
  https://auth-{us|eu}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/{tenant_id}/realms/{realm_id}/applications/{application_id}/authorize?response_type=code&client_id={client_id}&redirect_uri={redirect_uri}&scope={scopes}&state={state}&code_challenge={codeChallenge}&code_challenge_method=S256
  ```

  where:

    - {client_id} is your app's **Client ID**

    - {redirect_uri} is one of the app's configured **Redirect URI** values

    - {scopes} is 'openid' plus one or more of the app's **Allowed Scopes**, space delimited

    - {state} is a value generated by your app to maintain state betewen the request and response

>     - {codeChallenge} is generated as defined in [RFC 7636](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636#section-4.2), example JavaScript snippet below:

Reviewer: would recommend a table here again

Author: Done 👍

    ```javascript
    codeVerifier = crypto.randomBytes(32).toString('base64url');
    codeChallenge = crypto.createHash('sha256').update(codeVerifier).digest().toString('base64url');
    ```

> 3. Consume the '/authorize' response and authorization code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Consume the `/authorize` response and authorization code
```

  In response to the '/authorize' request, Beyond Identity redirects to the app's configured authentication url.
  In this example, the authenticator configuration type is "Hosted Web", so the authentication url is hosted by Beyond Identity (see [Authenticator Configurations](/docs/next/authentication)).

  :::info important  
  Please note that the redirection must be handled in the front end (such as React, Angular, or vanilla JavaScript running in the user's browser) in order for passkey authentication to work.  
  :::

  Once passkey based authentication is complete, Beyond Identity will redirect back to the app's configued redirect URI with a 'code' parameter in the query string. You will use this code in the '/token' request.

> 1. Create your '/token' request

Reviewer: There's several places where I'd recommend using back ticks for consistency. I'll stop pointing them out to save space on the GitHub page :)

```suggestion
1. Create your `/token` request
```

  ```

  **Request body:**  
  **Request body:**

  ```http
  grant_type: "authorization_code"
  code: {authorization_code}
  client_id: {client_id}
  redirect_uri: {redirect_uri}
  code_verifier=${codeVerifier}
  code_verifier: ${codeVerifier}
  expiration_time: {seconds}
  custom_claims: {custom_claims_json}
  ```

  where:  
  where:

    - {authorization_code} is the code returned from the '/authorize' call

   - {authorization_code} is the code returned from the '/authorize' call  
    - {client_id} is the app's configured **Client ID**

   - {client_id} is the app's configured **Client ID**    
    - {redirect_uri} is one of the app's configured **Redirect URI** values and matches the redirect_uri sent in the '/authorize' call

   - {redirect_uri} is one of the app's configured **Redirect URI** values and matches the redirect_uri sent in the '/authorize' call  
    - {codeVerifier} is defined as in [RFC 7636](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636#section-4.1), example JavaScript snippet below:

   - {codeVerifier} is defined as in [RFC 7636](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636#section-4.1), example JavaScript snippet below:  

>   

Reviewer: table again :) probably in all of these include files

Author: Done 👍

>     - custom_claims is an OPTIONAL parameter, and {custom_claims_json} is a JSON string containing the desired additional claims as key value pairs, for example '{"a": "b", "c": "d"}'. Upon successful token request, the resulting token will contain additional field 'bi_custom' with the desired claims.

Reviewer: table here too, but also when would you chose to add the Optional fields?
